Let's talk about villain.
Yeah.
Yeah, hehehehehe...
That's my least favorite.
What?....That was too strong!
He?
God Godzilla was
almost died.
Why people have to make MechaGodzilla?
No, way that's
not a Monster, it's a human made artificial.
Yeah.
That's you!
That's you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Evilla, Evilla. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a lobster.
Yeah, but American Godzilla they
We found out Godzilla lay eggs.
The first American Godzilla.
Yeah, I know.
was millions of eggs
Ooh Jurassic World is coming up!
Yeah. The new one.
They go back to the first one.
No, no, no, no. They they told me that they're
Bringing the first one's effect to this new one.
I don't know. I haven't watched.
Like those those
Scenes from the first one they they take it so
All the Jurassic a... Jurassic Park fans
they loved it because it reminds the first one
Yeah, yeah. yeah. Yeah yeah yeah.
Maybe, I don't know.
Have you was watched it?
The whole series.
A Lost World?
No?
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah, that's that's yeah that's what I thought. Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, and they eat fish.
Well, Godzilla eats fish. Well, Mom Godzilla.
Yeah.
No,
There's only one scene because in the Toho's rule.
Godzilla cannot eat people.
But! But it's minus one.
They broke the rule.
Because there's one scene that Godzilla ate people.
At the first scene when they attack the village.
Island, a station, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah!
That's right, yes.
Yeah.
But I think they'll just swallow a one, one guy. Yeah.
Yeah, they they broke the rule.
I don't know. Godzilla destroys people but not to eat.
Gamera eats people?
Yeah.
Really?
No. way...
Huh?
I've seen it, but I don't remember they eat people.
Really?
Okay.
Yeah. Villains.
Um... That's the best. That's the best.
Oh! Shock.